feat: ArgoCDCommitStatus Kind (#170)
argoproj-labs/gitops-promoter: docs/crd-specs.md

```yaml
{!docs/example-resources/ScmProvider.yaml!}
```

## ArgoCDCommitStatus

> An ArgoCDCommitStatus is used as a way to aggregate all the ArgoCD Application's that are being used in the promotion strategy. It is used
> to check the status of the ArgoCD Application's that are being used in the promotion strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An ArgoCDCommitStatus is used as a way to aggregate all the Argo CD Application's that are being used in the promotion strategy. It is used
to check the status of the Argo CD Application's that are being used in the promotion strategy.
```

for goodness and truth

> An ArgoCDCommitStatus is used as a way to aggregate all the Argo CD Application's that are being used in the promotion strategy. It is used
> to check the status of the Argo CD Application's that are being used in the promotion strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An ArgoCDCommitStatus is used as a way to aggregate all the Argo CD Applications that are being used in the promotion strategy. It is used
to check the status of the Argo CD Applications that are being used in the promotion strategy.
```
